README.md, before:

# pokemove-explorer-assignment

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
    2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

Documentation and main task directory added

README.md, after:

# PokeMove Explorer

PokeMove Explorer is a simple Vue 3 application designed to provide users with information about different moves in the Pokémon games using data from the [PokéAPI](https://pokeapi.co/). The app serves as an effective tool for users who may know the name of a move but seek details such as its type.

## Recommended IDE Setup

To enhance the development experience, it is recommended to use the following setup:

- [Visual Studio Code (VSCode)](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (disable Vetur)
- [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin)

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

For improved performance, consider enabling [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) in Volar.

## Getting Started

To run the app on your local machine and explore it, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository**: Click the "Fork" button at the top-right of this page to create your copy of the repository. Then, clone your forked repository to your local machine.

2. **Install Dependencies**: Navigate into the project directory using the terminal and run `npm install` to install the required dependencies.

3. **Start the App**: After installing the dependencies, start the app with `npm run dev`.

4. **Explore the App**: Open your web browser and visit http://localhost:5173 to begin exploring and using the PokeMove Explorer.

## Prerequisites

For the best experience, it is recommended to fork this repository with **Node.js version 18+**, as the application relies on certain features that are available from Node.js 18+.

Now, you're ready to explore!
